hey what's up you guys up my name is
Harry Mack I'm out here doing freestyles
for people could I do a freestyle for
you guys on hold on hold on hold on is
she on the phone with somebody okay I
don't want I don't want to interrupt so
I can wait you okay come over here all
right all right so I would love to
perform for everybody if that's cool so
I'm going to do a freestyle off the top
of the Dome uh can you guys give me like
random words to incorporate into the
freestyle just say a word any random
word yeah like to make sure I'm really
freestyling you know what you say okay
fly fly fly yeah fly cheese cheese all
right dope what you
got what' you say sexy sexy fly cheese
sexy you got anything lit lit lit T lit
lit fly cheese sexy lit all right let's
get it let's get it we'll see if I can
remember them
all
[Music]
okayy yeah uh we be taking to the sky
Mac really got the lyrics people can't
deny I paint the image with it you can
see it with your eye up there in the
clouds every floor I spit is fly hm
y'all know I'm the dopest they heard I
said I'm fly with the lyrics I'm up
there with the birds yeah y'all know
that I be doing them proud when I start
spitting suddenly we forming a crowd hm
Next Level they be yelling out okay can
the mag really spit they like no way hm
at the top I'mma dwell push the pedal to
the medal I'm about to excel yeah in the
game of rap I can hold my own I'll be
shining when I'm rhyming like your gold
phone Next Level y'all know I do it
right up the brain in fact your f it
matches chain yeah I'm bring it all
together y'all know who I be hm the
rapper that they really can't see I'm
coming off the top I'm doing just what I
please I like your word most cuz you
know I'm stacking the cheese he s y know
I'm pulling off the cap everything I
spit off the D to Major every time I
around I be delivering the flavor I'm
stacking up the ched you I'm stacking up
the paper a coming through you got the
golden phone but I be stacking up my Pro
really getting it they be saying yes sir
I be doing well even when I'm under
pressure y'all know that Mac is winning
in the battle your sandals your sandals
your phone all bedazzled yeah H Ma I'm
coming through with the hard flow
everywhere I look in this party I'm
seeing Sparkles ain't a rapper in the
game who could test me we in Miami I
should hop up on a jet ski black belt
and make your tracks melt like I'm jet
Le she just threw the word and she yell
sexy I'mma spit the RS yo they love it
as soon as I hit the track yeah back in
the day they didn't get the Mac hey yo
you saw sexy coming you predicted that
yeah up the D y'all know I'mma Rock till
I'm dead you got the white shades on top
of your head I be getting loose with
Vibes that I produce each time I spit I
know I'm about to drop the bomb cuz
every flow is lit yeah hm litty and I
show him no pity everything that I be
spitting sounding gritty yeah just to be
here in this moment I be thankful gold
on your neck and gold on your ankle yeah
crawling anything I see plenty of the
freeze rappers can't get with me back in
the day they never heard of him when I
rhyme they love the deal like Burlington
factory I read it off the Bag N star H
Ma I'm coming with something that's
truly hot my lics get woven together
each time they made my lics get woven
together just like braids Ma I say pay
happens like every time I'm blowing
Minds when I come through with the heavy
rhyme each and every thought that my
brain think rare matter of fact I'm
standing out like I got the pink hair
y'all know in the deal I got to grab
that life goes up and down like NASDAQ I
keep it honest I don't never bring the
jive talk such a fly concert we be
blocking up the sidewalk yeah people dig
the way I work magic I got the tactics
right now we steady blocking the traffic
I'm doing my thing on until my lyrics
they cling yo I'm rhyming in the session
I might have to sing okay almost done
with it but these raap is all in trouble
like it says up on your forearm we out
here to hustle we about to Bubble people
knowing the deal I ain't never really
faking cuz I'm flowing for real I said
I'm lit like a candle wick all about a
viil be all in your chain that's your
initial hey smack I get musical I grab
the letter B cuz my flow beautiful yeah
y I got that astounding flow in fact
give me the B my flows Bountiful I be
getting to the Bounty when I work I'm
too resilient my lyrics worth a be my
lyrics worth a billion yeah hey yo these
other rap is nothing matter of fact my
name sting like a be cuz I'm buzzing I
throw it down when I'm all up in the s
for I be flying all up on your leg you
got the lion yeah grab the lion I say
what up man yeah when I'm in the session
I'mma heal your pain I'll be rocking for
the girl girls and boys out here
spreading Joy if y rocking with the
freestyles Make Some Noise let's
go oh thank you thank you thank you
thank you appreciate it thank you so
much thank you so much nice to meet you
thank you oh [__] you got a one one
million followers
[Music]
how you guys doing what's up what's your
name Rondo Rondo Jake Jake EJ EJ nice to
meet you guys all right dope so uh Harry
Mac I'm I'm going to Freestyle off the
top can each of you give me like a crazy
word something to inspire my
freestyle despicable that's a good one
hell yeah
despicable I like this we're thinking
hard this are going to be
good you got another one anatomy anatomy
these are good you got the vocab ready
man despicable Anatomy uh [__] it Miami
Miami Beach Beach Miami Beach y'all like
it all right despicable Anatomy Miami
Beach you guys ready all right let me
pull up a beat here let's see let's see
let's
see uh we'll try this
one okay yeah yeah
yeah my flow pivotal by comparison these
rappers sound miserable whether in the
physical or the digital my flow's so
gross they say it's despicable yeah Ma
Next Level I truly be a Visionary you
got so much vocab you must walk around
with the dictionary yeah when I rhyme
I'm utilizing my whole brain in the line
is shining like your bracelet and your
gold chain I'm really on it these
rappers be getting mad at me but when
they try to rap with me they voices
sound staticy I mean I can perison they
hella average G you feel my [__] up in
your body wait that's Anatomy a maack I
prove these other cats irrelevant feel
it in your Anatomy feel it in your
skeleton matter of fact we about to get
it done see I eat sleep and breathe this
music I got wrap up in my lungs in my
respiratory system plus I bleed for it
so it's in my circulatory I just work
with the glory I be coming right off at
the top of the mental like every time
that I blast bars amazing with raps and
plus I be racing around tracks something
like NASCAR I'm grabbing anything I see
get Incorporated I'm so nice with the
float these rappers sort of ha it we
turn it up another notch and let them
hear this and like it says across his
chest you know the Mac is fearless yeah
y'all know I ain't never really bluffing
I'm fearless with these lyrics Harry Mac
ain't scared of nothing yeah the ESS we
got this I show you what real hip hop is
shout out to my homie he said he's the
goat I pull up in the Exotics yeah that
be getting busy make the head spin I'mma
leave y'all dizy every time I'm off of
the Dome y'all know I stay Locked In the
Zone yeah every time I rhyme I'm fact
reporting I reach up and hit the dunk
like Jordan yo off the Dome I'm a
passionate dude rappers hating on the
Mac yo why they acting so rude y'all
know I'mma kill it I'll be making him
smile I'll be spreading hella Joy
because I'm crazy with style wait to say
he said he's crazy put the working never
lazy I've been dreaming making it off
rap since I was a baby hey read it off
his H y'all know lyrics always said your
cap matching his cap right now they all
red well Harry Mac I grow just like a
red rose I said I bleed over
instrumental with these ill flows sh I
be making it happen you know these
rappers out there understand me had to
get props while rocking out here in
Miami y'all know the deal they staying
out of reach more lessons I'mma teach
while we standing by the beach yeah and
when I rhyme I'm catching wreck for sure
he got the NASCAR flag shorts Checker
boy but when I rhyme I'm too bless I'm
about to leave the game a m and the
shorts they look like a checker boy but
har M only play chest yeah when I do my
thing plenty style that's what I bring
in the game of chess y'all know I'm the
certified King said I be coming right
over the top of the Dome I'm out here
winning it something like echo my flow
is unlimited yeah every time I rhyme I'm
catching sweet rack shout to my homie
rocking in the blue vneck hey yo we be
getting props around the globe I'm
crushing any microphone I hold these
rappers looking at me with a scal my
style is too foul my brain be soaking up
game something like your tow yeah I make
it felt I make the track melt every time
I'm dropping anvils coming with the
heavy Rhymes thanks for the word we form
a crowd with spreading Joy if y'all
rocking with the flow going Make Some
Noise let's
go hey appreciate it man thank you so
much bro hell
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm on Harry
Mack on the gram h a r r y m a c yep you
deserve a follow hey thank you hey you
guys are dope man thanks for starting
that off man appreciate you guys hell
yeah I need some like creative
challenging words from each one from
each of you ideally so we'll have five
no we need you man you you don't have to
throw a word we can do four words but we
need your energy what was it peppermint
peppermint nice peppermint okay cucumber
cucumber all right dope no more food and
no no animals those are the most common
ones we get but those are great
suggestions peppermint cucumber cardiac
cardiac like of the heart yes lightning
lightning
beautiful that you don't want to throw
one good you're good all right give the
word no worries you have another one you
want to throw then butt buttons what'
you say
Zodiac Zodiac all right I like it so the
words were peppermint cucumber uh don't
tell me cardiac uh lightning and then
you came back in and said buttons
buttons buttons and zodiac all right
we'll see if I can remember them all uh
but we're going to have some fun y'all
ready I said are y'all
ready hey that's the there we go there
we go all right let's get it let's get
it we're going to go with uh with this
one right here let's see
[Music]
okay uh yeah okay uh yeah yeah come on
in y'all okay go ahead and get close
yeah all right listen uh uh uh off top
check it out come on yeah yeah h i be
going where they never went when I rhyme
they say the flow is Heaven Sent I get
you twisted I Leave You Forever B matter
of fact my lyrics are fresh like
peppermint yeah hm I'm getting it done I
said I'm chewing instrumentals like some
peppermint gone hey Double the Trouble
and double the fun and double the
pleasure of Li right off my tongue I
make it felt I'll be making
instrumentals melt 52 Bars like cars
that's getting de I'mma break it down
y'all know I be the world's Eighth
Wonder I'm getting green like a cucumber
yeah HRA these Rhymes I drop heavy I'm
good for your health like fruits and the
veggies yeah chop up the cucumber and
put it on the salad WEA the Up Tempo
with the bid I break it down beating Mac
with rapping that's unlikely cuz when I
rhyme I be cleaner than your white te
hey yo I break it down with these I'm
doing as I please I'm demonstrating this
incredible SE I'm about to make it fell
i' be going hard with RS fake MC's I am
not a part of that matter of fact I'm
discard and disregarding that I'll be
running fast over tracks for the cardiac
yeah I'll be exercising my heart inside
my chest right now I'm feeling blessed
yeah y'all know my neck should have the
bolts matter of fact I'm running like
I'm Usain B 20,000 volts every time I
shock them I'm rocking I'm never ever
stop in they know the mech is locked in
yeah I tried to warn you I'm rare shouts
to homie with the California bear all up
on the cap representing for the Republic
I break it down smooth and I make the
people love it I big it and loose y'all
know when I'm striking I be hitting more
harder than some lightning h maack i be
Zeus in the clouds above and y'all know
I give the crowd the love I make them
feel it when I kill it I just spill it
off the mental with no utensil no pen a
pencil for me it's not essential I do it
live rappers couldn't survive stepping
and corrected Harry and you're taking a
dive said for me to get the crowd real
hype really nothing I could change the
game with one press at a button yeah NE
up next when I'm grabbing it yeah when
it come to lyrics I be rapping sick uh
and y'all know that the flow is fat
stars align form signs like the Zodiac
hm they know I get I be killing beats
like the Zodiac Killer selling more
copies than Mike Jack with hm in the rap
game I'm a pillar I'mma make it felt
from Earth out to Saturn let me check
out your T-shirt pattern cuz when it
come to lyrics they know that I'mma spit
this real vicious the symbology is
religious I go inside my soul my lyrics
I pull right from the spirit I turn it
up loud and let them hear it and every
time I'm finished I be PE in the Red
Zone I got the music you can bump from
out your headphones hmac I deliver the
heat yeah shouts to my homie rocking the
Dr Dre beat and y'all know when I'm
rying my lyrics are all enticing cuz I
be the mic fiend melt you like some ice
cream what you sipping on my man some
beer lift it in the air and say cheers
yeah ever since the middle school
hallway IPA incredible poetry always hm
I respelled the acronym people lose
their mind when I raing them yeah y'all
know it cost to be dude and speaking of
buttons I think you lost a few yeah yeah
Ma when I rhyme I'm the rapper that's
been chosen and like my man my chest
gets open I spit from the heart y'all
know that my rhyme's profound shouts to
my homie from Chinatown rapping live
from the market the flow I'm about to
spark it cuz every time I'm spitting
they know I'm hitting the target
non-stop representing real hip hop other
rappers got holes and they flow like
Crocs I break it down for y'all cuz I'm
dope shouts to my little fan that's
rocking the coat hm I'm in it I'm going
where no other goes I SM foes and like
your shorts I be colorful I bring it
together with every single rap verse
like all three caps that flip backwards
I've be matching with the vocals and the
Rhythm and the instrumental every time I
spit you know it's influential yeah I'm
working so much magic I formed a big
crowd now we blocking the traffic H he's
never lying everything he spits true all
the pedestrians can't find ways to get
through now they all feel a little
disgruntled we going to have to find a
way that we can form a tunnel cuz when I
be getting loose and spitting Flames off
the brain and the alignment they be
shining something like a silver chain
yeah I break it down and show them what
I mean you rocking denim on denim this
music's in my jeans yeah yall don't Whi
me all up my chromosomes I own the Zone
I throw the PS off the tip of the mental
in the whole planet hurt me I be kicking
Styles like bro in Saker Jersey yeah he
got his phone held high like I hold my
title in the game most fly break it down
they all' be understanding I'm relevant
My Own Story you know I'm telling it
lyrics that I drop be more heavy than
the elephant matter of fact Harry Mac is
fly Pelican yeah grabbing any word
that's in front of me rapping stepping
incorrect to M what it's going to be
ladies and gentlemen girls and boys all
human beings together just make some
noise let's
[Applause]
hey thank
you thank you so much thank you so much
appreciate
y'all thank you thank you thank
you thank you for getting that started
appreciate y'all appreciate y'all hell
yeah much love thank you boom there you
have it thank you so much for watching
guys make sure you're tapped in on
Spotify all right we got the link right
here tap in on Spotify I'm going way
harder on music this year I'm dropping
way more songs big growth area for me
I'm documenting my process and I need
y'all there for it all right thank you
so much for the support much love y'all
click here hey